OK
We'll see won't we.
Xueshuai, these two are so brave
Whether to cut off these two people on the spot
Just tell them their request
Ren Shuai promised
Handsome, what do you mean?
If they finally learn
They are the most evil people to teach
It turned out to be their enemy
It turned out that they kept yelling for thousands of dollars
Cut, tortured to death and then sent the armed forces
How would they feel?
After all, it takes a beating to kill
Before sending these idiots to hell
I'm going to destroy their spirit and backbone
You can report the blood debt of 49 people in my Li family
Yes, please.
By the way, Li Shuai
You asked me to investigate the Li family's extermination case
The accomplices of the four families
I have checked it all
Here's the list.
Please take a look.
It seems that these celebrities in Yandu
It needs to be uprooted.
Gather the people on the list
I want a public interrogation
Princess, you are indeed
It must be for this man who has been dating for two days
Am I dying to make amends?
Don't you think these two days are worth 20 years?
If you choose the right side
The choice is never made
Hey, Mr. Liu, why are you here?
I don't know what invited me to this place
Said it was a key sir
I didn't expect it to be such an unlucky place
Who taught us to come?
Shit
It's you fool
God will not allow you to insult